Convert this image into Notan style to be suitable to cut using a fiber laser from a sheet of metal, avoid lines which are too thin for the laser to cut.  Add as much detail as possible while considering the structure of the finished metal wall art.  Use the highlights in the image as a reference for where to have the added detail, especially the highlights in the curls of the hair; the boy's curly hair, eyes, eyebrows, nose, smile, ear and shirt collar all need to have as much detail as possible to resemble the original image well.  The face, especially the eyes and the smile, can have the most detail.  Ignore the background in the image.  The resulting image needs to be 2 dimensional without shadows, solid black on a plain white background.  Make sure all areas have enough connection between dark areas so there are no tiny sections wanting to fall away from the rest.  Remove extremely small sections of black and either combine them with other sections, or replace them with white.  The boy's left eyebrow and left eye, the nose, the smile lines on both cheeks, the mouth with the teeth, and the shirt folds are separate pieces that would fall out; connect each of them to the face outline, the hair or each other with solid black bridges, for example extend the cheek lines to reach the jaw outline, join the left eyebrow to the hair, and join the nose to the cheek line.  The tapered tips of the hair strands are too thin to cut; make them end blunter and at least twice as thick.  The previous result is close.  Keep it the same, except: the nose, the two cheek lines and the mouth are now joined to each other but the group still floats free inside the white face; extend the cheek line on the right side of the image until it touches the face outline on the right, and extend the cheek line on the left side of the image down until it touches the jaw outline.  The two black shirt folds in the bottom right corner float free; extend them until they touch the bottom edge of the image or the shirt outline.
